It can't be just the loser next door.
Even if the ancestral grave catches fire
You can't be a world record breaker.
The facts are all in front of you and you don't believe it
It seems that I can't call
Wake up, you sleeper!
I can't let my sister know about Lin Wenwen now.
So capable
What if they make up?
Then won't he press me for the rest of his life?
This necklace was indeed given to you by Mr. Yang himself
Steady
But he didn't give it as a reward to the champion.
But as a reward for funding poor students
Send it out
Ha I mean
Lin Wenwen, it turns out that you are a poor student.
You have the nerve to come and compete with us for the championship
You don't even know shame.
Curse it. Curse it.
The more you scold, the better.
It is best that Liang Wenwen no longer recognizes him as a mother
Why did you lie?
You clearly heard that Mr. Yang gave me a championship necklace
intention
Why was the truth exposed?
Angry
Just said something in front of us
It's all fake
Well, you root
It's a life of poverty that is not visible
Because the poor are poor
Mr. Yang has just sent a kindness to let you participate in this poetry conference
Really poor people have short ambitions
Children from poor families can't turn over for the rest of their lives
You go too far.
Your eyes are above the top
Dogs look down on people
Why do you rich people get ahead?
And we poor people don't deserve good grades
Dad, calm down first
I will definitely ask for an explanation for us on this matter.
Get justice for us
Oh, dear.
What kind of storm can a pair of poor wastes set off?
It's ridiculous
Did I break the world record?
I won't prove it to you first
But now I've proven myself not to steal
You people slander me in front of everyone
Should you give it to me now?
Apologize
Why should we apologize to a rice bucket?
Lin Wenwen
Do you know who you are?
Ah, you are a poor student.
Why do you let the champion family apologize to you?